# PSA: THE PORTFOLIO IS AN INDIVIDUAL ONE SO BASICALLY ALL OF THIS IS TOTALLY USELESS
__To an extent__. If you want, I'm going to leave this here for your reference. If you ever decide to learn a better workflow, check this out. It'll be pretty handy. If you have any other questions about this workflow, PR me or something (I think that's how it works).

# Homepage
Actual homepage can be found [here](https://eduardlio.github.io/spandx/).
This will be our project's website. Github allows us to host a website on it so that's pretty cool. We'll get onto this later on in the project but for now, just remember that this is here.

## Prerequisites
You need to have installed (in this order):

- [Node.js](https://nodejs.org/en/download/)
- [gulp.js](http://gulpjs.com/)

Once you install Node.js, npm will be installed too. To install gulp, go into the command line and type: 

```
npm install gulp -g
```

Pug is a quick and clean html compiler. Sass is a super clean CSS compiler. Throw Gulp into the mix and we have a supercharged, automated and quick way to build and ship our project.

## Workflow
1. Edit the pug file(s) and the sass file(s) and SAVE
2. Open the command line
3. Navigate to C:/path/to/spandx/docs
4. Type ``gulp html && gulp css``
	* this will compile your pug and sass files to html and css
5. (optional) In file explorer, go to spandx/docs and check out the html and css files to be sure of stuff. 

## File Structure
### docs/source
The source folder contains pug and sass directories. __THIS IS WHERE YOU SHOULD BE MAKING YOUR CHANGES__. If you've made a shit ton of changes to the html files and someone else edits the pug file, _they will overwrite all of your changes_ with a single command. 

### styles, img, js
These are the standard files that the html will be accessing. 

## Things not to worry about:

- bower_components
- node_modules

These two just deal with the node and bower modules/components. Nothing much to do there.

## Everything else
If you're unsure about something here, let me know.